 To solve this system of congruences, we can use the method of substitution or elimination. Here, we will use the elimination method.

First, we will multiply the first congruence by 2 and the second congruence by 3 to make the coefficients of x in both congruences the same:

$$
6x + 8y \equiv 10 (mod\:13) \\
6x + 15y \equiv 21 (mod\:13)
$$

Now, we will subtract the first congruence from the second:

$$
(6x + 15y) - (6x + 8y) \equiv 21 - 10 (mod\:13)
$$

This simplifies to:

$$
7y \equiv 11 (mod\:13)
$$

Now, we need to find the multiplicative inverse of 7 modulo 13. The multiplicative inverse of a number a modulo m is a number b such that ab ≡ 1 (mod m). In this case, we need to find a number b such that 7b ≡ 1 (mod 13). By trying different values, we find that b = 2 is the multiplicative inverse of 7 modulo 13, because 7 * 2 = 14, and 14 ≡ 1 (mod 13).

Now, we can multiply both sides of the congruence 7y ≡ 11 (mod 13) by the multiplicative inverse of 7 modulo 13, which is 2:

$$
2 * 7y \equiv 2 * 11 (mod\:13)
$$

This simplifies to:

$$
y \equiv 22 (mod\:13)
$$

Since 22 ≡ 3 (mod 13), we have:

$$
y \equiv 3 (mod\:13)
$$

Now that we have the value of y, we can substitute it back into one of the original congruences to find the value of x. Let's use the first congruence:

$$
3x + 4y \equiv 5 (mod\:13)
$$

Substitute y = 3:

$$
3x + 4 * 3 \equiv 5 (mod\:13)
$$

This simplifies to:

$$
3x + 12 \equiv 5 (mod\:13)
$$

Subtract 12 from both sides:

$$
3x \equiv -7 (mod\:13)
$$

Since -7 ≡ 6 (mod 13), we have:

$$
3x \equiv 6 (mod\:13)
$$

Now, we need to find the multiplicative inverse of 3 modulo 13. By trying different values, we find that the multiplicative inverse of 3 modulo 13 is 5, because 3 * 5 = 15, and 15 ≡ 1 (mod 13).

Multiply both sides of the congruence 3x ≡ 6 (mod 13) by the multiplicative inverse of 3 modulo 13, which is 5:

$$
5 * 3x \equiv 5 * 6 (mod\:13)
$$

This simplifies to:

$$
x \equiv 30 (mod\:13)
$$

Since 30 ≡ 8 (mod 13), we have:

$$
x \equiv 8 (mod\:13)
$$

So, the solution to the system of congruences is:

$$
x \equiv 8 (mod\:13) \\
y \equiv 3 (mod\:13)
$$