 (a) If gcd(a, b) = 1, and gcd(a, c) = 1, then gcd(a, bc)= 1.

Proof: Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we can write 1 = ax + by for some integers x and y. Similarly, since gcd(a, c) = 1, we can write 1 = au + cv for some integers u and v.

Now, we want to show that gcd(a, bc) = 1. To do this, we need to find integers p and q such that 1 = ap + bqc.

Multiplying the first equation by c, we get c = acx + bcy. Multiplying the second equation by b, we get b = abu + bcv.

Now, we can add these two equations to get c + b = acx + bcy + abu + bcv. Rearranging the terms, we get 1 = a(cx + bu) + bc(y + v).

Thus, we have found integers p = cx + bu and q = y + v such that 1 = ap + bqc, which means gcd(a, bc) = 1.

(b) If gcd(a, b) = 1, and c | a, then gcd(b, c) = 1.

Proof: Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we can write 1 = ax + by for some integers x and y. Since c | a, we can write a = cn for some integer n.

Now, we want to show that gcd(b, c) = 1. To do this, we need to find integers p and q such that 1 = bp + cq.

Substituting a = cn into the equation 1 = ax + by, we get 1 = cnx + by. Rearranging the terms, we get 1 = b(y - nx) + cnx.

Thus, we have found integers p = y - nx and q = nx such that 1 = bp + cq, which means gcd(b, c) = 1.

(c) If gcd(a, b) = 1, then gcd( ac, b) = gcd(c, b).

Proof: Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we can write 1 = ax + by for some integers x and y.

Now, we want to show that gcd(ac, b) = gcd(c, b). To do this, we need to find integers p and q such that gcd(c, b) = pc + bq.

Multiplying the equation 1 = ax + by by c, we get c = acx + bcy. Rearranging the terms, we get c = b(cy - ax) + acx.

Thus, we have found integers p = cy - ax and q = cx such that gcd(c, b) = pc + bq, which means gcd(ac, b) = gcd(c, b).

(d) If gcd(a, b) = 1, and c | a+ b, then gcd(a, c) = gcd(b, c) = 1.

Proof: Let d = gcd(a, c). Then d | a, d | c implies that d | (a+ b) - a, or d | b. Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we have d = 1.

Similarly, let d' = gcd(b, c). Then d' | b, d' | c implies that d' | (a+ b) - b, or d' | a. Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we have d' = 1.

Thus, gcd(a, c) = gcd(b, c) = 1.

(e) If gcd(a, b) = 1, d | ac, and d | be, then d | c.

Proof: Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we can write 1 = ax + by for some integers x and y.

Now, we want to show that d | c. To do this, we need to find an integer q such that c = dq.

Multiplying the equation 1 = ax + by by c, we get c = acx + bcy. Since d | ac and d | bc, we can write ac = da' and bc = db' for some integers a' and b'.

Substituting ac = da' and bc = db' into the equation c = acx + bcy, we get c = da'x + db'y. Factoring out d, we get c = d(a'x + b'y).

Thus, we have found an integer q = a'x + b'y such that c = dq, which means d | c.

(f) If gcd(a, b) = 1, then $gcd(a^2, b^2) = 1$.

Proof: First, we show that $gcd(a, b^2) = gcd(a^2, b) = 1$.

Since gcd(a, b) = 1, we can write 1 = ax + by for some integers x and y.

Now, we want to show that gcd(a, b^2) = gcd(a^2, b) = 1. To do this, we need to find integers p, q, r, and s such that 1 = ap + b^2q, 1 = a^2r + bs, and 1 = a^2r + b^2s.

Multiplying the equation 1 = ax + by by b, we get b = abx + b^2y. Rearranging the terms, we get 1 = a(bx - y) + b^2y. Thus, we have found integers p = bx - y and q = y such that 1 = ap + b^2q, which means gcd(a, b^2) = 1.

Similarly, multiplying the equation 1 = ax + by by a, we get a = a^2x + aby. Rearranging the terms, we get 1 = a^2x + b(ay - x). Thus, we have found integers r = x and s = ay - x such that 1 = a^2r + bs, which means gcd(a^2, b) = 1.

Now, we want to show that gcd(a^2, b^2) = 1. Since gcd(a, b^2) = gcd(a^2, b) = 1, we can write 1 = a(a' + b^2q) + b^2(a'' + bq') for some integers a', a'', q, and q'.

Rearranging the terms, we get 1 = a^2(a' + b^2q) + b^2(aq'' + q'). Thus, we have found integers r = a' + b^2q and s = aq'' + q' such that 1 = a^2r + b^2s, which means gcd(a^2, b^2) = 1.

Therefore, we have shown that $gcd(a, b^2) = gcd(a^2, b) = gcd(a^2, b^2) = 1$.